Assorted docs fixes, part 2. (#7725)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/media-pipeline.rst

3. When the item reaches the :class:`FilesPipeline`, the URLs in the

>    ``file_urls`` field are scheduled for download using the standard

Reviewer: I wonder if we should take "scheduled" from that wording as well, just to avoid confusion.

```suggestion
   ``file_urls`` field are downloaded using the standard
```
